# Libft

WELCOME to libft! Your life.. starts here. MEET your  sister MEMORY LEAKS, your fresh out of prison Uncle MAKFILE

So, your code sucks. You've travelled half way around the earth to the place where the competition's weak and your farts smell like roasted peanuts being whaffed over a windy winters morn. You IMMASCULATE your peers as you explain at them the difference between ints and unsigned chars, how valgrind and gdb can help you solve any problem known to man, given enough time, and show of the green and pink dominated webpage you made in javascript and html in a single day. It's as if you've been smashing leetcode problems in ASSEMBLY since you were a toddler! You have the respect of the sun and the moon and the stars shine up your freshly waxed arsehole. But now, as you sit down at your sinking swivel chair next to your NOW closest friend in the world, Nic, whom you've talked to on discord, maybe, twice since you saw him/her last, once to ask them if she/he got into the school, cos you of course did, and once more by accident while you were stalking your piscine crush, mumbling under your breath and shaking your head, muttering to yourself 'i fk wrote strlcat a million times why tf is it not working fking francinette ffffsake ffk why???... You've decided you're sick of manuals and tutorials, chatgpt continues to deliver the most inane, un-googlable errors the world has ever seen, and that your brain is (depressingly, but DURR!) NOT the smarteest and greatest amazing piece of pink splap that's ever squirted out down through these doors, as gcc pours line after line of 'did you mean's and 'expected expression's before seg faulting.

Sound even a LITTLE BIT familiar? Well stay and copy and paste a while paht-ner. It's gonna be a long, bumpy ride... yeeeeeehaaaa!
